the skies in Gaza are never quiet before
the war drones constantly kept a close
eye on Palestinians 24 hours a
day that's continuing as is the heaviest
Israeli bombing that Palestinians have
ever
experienced those in Northern Gaza where
Israel launched its War last year
thought the air strikes had ended in
January that was when Israel said it had
dismantled Hamas there and moved on to
Central Gaza but they were
[Music]
wrong several months later and Israel
has renewed its intense
bombardment places like jabalia refugee
camp are being attacked every day and on
Wednesday air strikes killed dozens of
Palestinians this was filmed moments
after one of them
the images of maimed people are too
graphic to
[Music]
show bodies arrived at hospitals in
Parts 76 years to the day after the
nagba also known as the catastrophe took
place when Zionist forces forced a
quarter of a million Palestinians from
their
homes as you can see they're all gone
people in this house were injured and in
that house too God help them we feel
dead even though we are alive it's all
in God's
hands the battle in the north killed
several Israeli soldiers this video is
said to show injured troops being
evacuated out of
jabalia despite international calls for
it to end the war the Israeli government
says it will continue fighting across
the whole of the AA strip and not just
in rafah in the South where it started a
major offensive last week Israel says
it's defeated Hamas except for a few
battalions in Rafa and it's targeting
remaining
Fighters Hamas says it's still going
strong and in its latest video it says
it's killed a group of Israeli soldiers
in jabalia using anti-tank missiles and
explosives
the UN says nearly 600,000 people who'd
been taking refuge in Rafa have been
forced out Israel had already displaced
them from the North and the center of
the strip now they're on the move once
again in a small stretch of land exposed
to attacks from the ground and the air s
Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer